v1.2.1 (2020-05-XX)
===================

- Much faster data downloading from GEO by using `fasterq-dump` when available.

- Change peak merging algorithm in single cell ATAC-seq analysis.

- Add `bwa_seed_length` to the configuration.

- Fix worker pool exhaustion when processes being killed unexpectedly.

v1.2.0 (2020-05-03)
===================

Breaking changes:
-----------------

- Need to include the index prefix when specifying the location of the BWA or RSEM index in config.yml. For example: `(old) path-to-index/bwa_index => (new) path-to-index/bwa_index/GRCh38.fa`.

Other changes:
--------------

- Add the option to input "Filtered" Bam files in ATAC-seq.

- The Taiji is now shipped with C igraph library (no need to install it separately).

- Add basic input validations.

- Implement the chromVAR algorithm in single cell ATAC analysis.

- Bug fixes.


v1.1.0 (2020-01-10)
===================

- Auto-detect effective genome size for MACS2.

- Compress BAM files generated by BWA.

- Reduce memory usage in certain steps.

- Fix the normalization issue in bigwig file generation.

- Add more features to single cell RNA-seq analysis pipeline.

- Add more features to single cell ATAC-seq analysis pipeline.

v1.0.1 (2019-10-14)
===================

This release introduces a lot of new functions, performance improvements and 
bug fixes.

- Use promoter accessibility to estimate the gene expression when RNA-seq is
  not available. This greately improves the results.

- New interface for Parallelism and distributed computing which supports running
  jobs on PBS or slurm. The number of jobs and resource usage of each step can now
  be configured.

- Add more QCs and visualization, including fragment size distribution, TSS enrichment,
  signal correlation and so on.

- Preliminary support for single cell RNA and ATAC analysis.

v0.5.0 (2018-10-28)
===================

- Add a function to include external networks, using the field
  `external_network` in the configuration file.
